Update RBAC Good Practices for PersistentVolumes (#39002)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/security/rbac-good-practices.md

### Persistent volume creation

> Creation of PersistentVolumes includes creation of `hostPath`-typed volumes, providing access to the underlying host filesystem.

Reviewer: How about this?
```suggestion
If someone - or some application - is allowed to create arbitrary PersistentVolumes, that access
includes the creation of `hostPath` volumes, which then means that a Pod would get access
to the underlying host filesystem(s) on the associated node. Granting that ability is a security risk.
```

There are many ways a container with unrestricted access to the host filesystem can escalate privileges, including 
reading data from other containers, and abusing the credentials of system services, such as Kubelet.

> Only trusted users should be granted permission to create PersistentVolume objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should only allow access to create PersistentVolume objects for:

- users (cluster operators) that need this access for their work, and who you trust
- the Kubernetes control plane, which creates PersistentVolumes based on PersistentVolumeClaims
  that are configured for automatic provisioning.
  (Kubernetes usually sets up that access for the control plane when you deploy a cluster).

```
?

### Persistent volume creation

If someone - or some application - is allowed to create arbitrary PersistentVolumes, that access
includes the creation of `hostPath` volumes, which then means that a Pod would get access
to the underlying host filesystem(s) on the associated node. Granting that ability is a security risk.

There are many ways a container with unrestricted access to the host filesystem can escalate privileges, including 

> reading data from other containers, and abusing the credentials of system services, such as Kubelet.

Reviewer: nit for reference only:
```suggestion
reading data from other containers, and abusing the credentials of system services such as the kubelet.
```

You should only allow access to create PersistentVolume objects for:

- users (cluster operators) that need this access for their work, and who you trust,
- the Kubernetes control plane components which creates PersistentVolumes based on PersistentVolumeClaims
  that are configured for automatic provisioning.

>   This is usually setup by the Kubernetes provider or by the operator when installing a CSI driver.

Reviewer: Another nit (sorry if this was my typo)!
```suggestion
  This is usually set up by the Kubernetes provider or by the operator when installing a CSI driver.
```
